Adding documentation for nuget commands in C#DK (#7306)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/csharp/package-management.md

![Screenshot showing command palette search bar with placeholder text that reads "Enter a search term to search for a NuGet package."](images/package-management/nuget-command-addpackage-search1.png)
![Screenshot showing quickpicks dropdown menu with placeholder text that reads: "Select a NuGet package". The quickpick options show a list of example NuGet packages to choose from.](images/package-management/nuget-command-addpackage-search2.png)

4. Next, select the version you want to apply.
![Screenshot showing quickpicks dropdown menu with placeholder text that reads: "Select a NuGet package version". The quickpick options show a list of example NuGet package versions to choose from.](images/package-management/nuget-command-addpackage-versionselection.png)

5. Once you select a package and version number, C# Dev Kit will add it to your project and update your project file and references.

### Update a package

1. To update a NuGet package in your project, use the command **NuGet: Update NuGet Package**.
2. If you have more than one project in your solution, you will be asked to select which project contains the package that you would like to update.

> 3. Next, you will see a list of the packages that are currently installed in your project which have an update available. Choose which one you want to update. If no packages in your solution have an update available, you will see a message notifying you of this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Next, choose which package to update from the list of packages that are currently installed in your project and that have an update available. If no packages in your solution have an update available, you see a message notifying you of this.
```

> 4. Finally, you will be able to select which version you would like to update the package to from a dropdown list of all available versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Finally, you can select which version you would like to update the package to from a dropdown list of available versions.
```

![Screenshot showing quickpicks dropdown menu with placeholder text that reads: "Select a NuGet package version". The quickpick options show a list of example NuGet packages to choose from. There are indicators on the list to show which version is currently installed in the users project ("current"), and which is the latest available version ("latest")](images/package-management/nuget-command-update-versionselector.png)

> 5. C# Dev Kit will then perform the necessary changes and update your project file and references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. C# Dev Kit then performs the necessary changes and updates your project file and references.
```

### Remove a package

1. To remove a NuGet package from your project, use the command **NuGet: Remove NuGet Package**.

> 2. If you have more than one project in your solution, you will be asked to select which project that you would like to remove a package from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you have more than one project in your solution, you are asked to select which project that you would like to remove a package from.
```

> 3. Next, you will see a list of the packages that are currently installed in your project and let you choose which one you want to remove.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Next, choose which package you want to remove from the list of packages that are currently installed in your project.
```

> 4. C# Dev Kit will then perform the necessary changes and update your project file and references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. C# Dev Kit then performs the necessary changes and updates your project file and references.
```

# NuGet in Visual Studio Code

> NuGet is the package manager for .NET. It defines how packages for .NET are created, hosted, and consumed, and provides the tools for each of those roles. You can manage your NuGet packages directly from the C# Dev Kit Solution explorer and commands in the command palette. NuGet also manages the dependency tree on behalf of a project, so you only need to focus on the packages that you're directly using in a project. For more information, go to the [NuGet documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/nuget/what-is-nuget).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NuGet is the package manager for .NET. It defines how packages for .NET are created, hosted, and consumed, and provides the tools for each of those roles. You can manage your NuGet packages directly from the C# Dev Kit Solution explorer and commands in the Command Palette. NuGet also manages the dependency tree on behalf of a project, so you only need to focus on the packages that you're directly using in a project. For more information, go to the [NuGet documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/nuget/what-is-nuget).
```

* [NuGet Commands in C# Dev Kit](#nuget-commands-in-c-dev-kit)
* [Dependency Management](#dependency-management)

## NuGet Commands in C# Dev Kit

> In C# Dev Kit, you can perform NuGet package operations in either of two ways: commands in the command palette or through right-click actions in the C# Dev Kit solution explorer. The below documentation details how to use each NuGet command through both of the two methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In C# Dev Kit, you can perform NuGet package operations in either of two ways: commands in the Command Palette or through right-click actions in the C# Dev Kit Solution explorer. The below documentation details how to use each NuGet command through both of the two methods.
```

### Add a package

> 

Reviewer: You might consider using a numbered list to make these steps more scannable.

> To add a NuGet package to your project, use the command “NuGet: Add NuGet Package”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a NuGet package to your project, use the command **NuGet: Add NuGet Package**.
```

> ![alt text](images/package-management/nuget-command-addpackage.png)

Reviewer: Can you add a descriptive alt text for users that rely on it?

If you have more than one project in your solution, you will be asked to select which project you want to add the package to.

> ![alt text](images\package-management\nuget-command-addackage-projectselection.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![alt text](images/package-management/nuget-command-addackage-projectselection.png)
```

Then you can search for packages by name.

![alt text](images/package-management/nuget-command-addpackage-search1.png)

> ![alt text](images/package-management\nuget-command-addpackage-search2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![alt text](images/package-management/nuget-command-addpackage-search2.png)
```

Next, select the version you want to apply.

![alt text](images/package-management/nuget-command-addpackage-versionselection.png)

Once you select a package and version number, C# Dev Kit will add it to your project and update your project file and references.

### Update a package

> 

Reviewer: Similar, consider using a numbered list.

> To update a NuGet package in your project, use the command “NuGet: Update NuGet Package”. If you have more than one project in your solution, you will be asked to select which project contains the package that you would like to update. Next, you will see a list of the packages that are currently installed in your project which have an update available. Choose which one you want to update. If no packages in your solution have an update available, you will see a message notifying you of this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update a NuGet package in your project, use the command **NuGet: Update NuGet Package**. If you have more than one project in your solution, you will be asked to select which project contains the package that you would like to update. Next, you will see a list of the packages that are currently installed in your project which have an update available. Choose which one you want to update. If no packages in your solution have an update available, you will see a message notifying you of this.
```

Finally, you will be able to select which version you would like to update the package to from a dropdown list of all available versions.

![alt text](images/package-management/nuget-command-update-versionselector.png)

C# Dev Kit will then perform the necessary changes and update your project file and references.

### Remove a package

> 

Reviewer: Similar, consider using a numbered list.

> To remove a NuGet package from your project, use the command “NuGet: Remove NuGet Package.” If you have more than one project in your solution, you will be asked to select which project that you would like to remove a package from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove a NuGet package from your project, use the command **NuGet: Remove NuGet Package**. If you have more than one project in your solution, you will be asked to select which project that you would like to remove a package from.
```

> NExt, you will see a list of the packages that are currently installed in your project and let you choose which one you want to remove. C# Dev Kit will then perform the necessary changes and update your project file and references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you will see a list of the packages that are currently installed in your project and let you choose which one you want to remove. C# Dev Kit will then perform the necessary changes and update your project file and references.
```
